[Doc] Update global settings (#6201)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/lang/articles/reference/global_settings.md

# Global Settings

Every Taichi program starts with `ti.init()`. You can customize your Taichi runtime by passing arguments to `ti.init()` or setting environment variables. Each argument or environment variable controls one specific behavior of the Taichi runtime. For example, the argument `arch` specifies the backend, and the argument `debug` decides whether to run the program in debug mode.

> When you call `ti.init()`, Taichi executes the following steps to initialize a specific configuration. We use the `arch` argument as an example:

Reviewer: "executes the following steps" is not grammatical. 
```suggestion
Taichi executes the following to initialize a specific configuration in the `ti.init()` method call. Taking the `arch` argument as an example:
```

        Set the logging level.

    verbose: bool
        Turn on/off verbose outputs. For example, `ti.init(verbose=False)` prevents verbose outputs.

[Develop Options]

    gdb_trigger: bool

>         Enable/disable GDB when Taichi crashes. For example, `ti.init(gdb_trigger=True)` activates GDB.

Reviewer: Avoid using two different terms for the same meaning. Use enables instead.

    TI_LOG_LEVEL
        Set the logging level. For example, `export TI_LOG_LEVEL=trace` enables the TRACE level.
```

## Backends

- To specify which architecture to use: `ti.init(arch=ti.cuda)` designates CUDA as the backend. This argument is equivalent to the environment variable `TI_ARCH`.
- To specify the pre-allocated memory size for CUDA: `ti.init(device_memory_GB=0.5)` allocates 0.5 GB size of memory.
- To specify which GPU to use for CUDA: `export CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=[gpuid]`.
- To specify which GPU to use for VULKAN: `export TI_VISIBLE_DEVICE=[gpuid]`.
- To disable a backend (`CUDA`, `METAL`, `OPENGL`) upon startup: `export TI_ENABLE_CUDA=0` disables CUDA.

:::note

If you want to use CUDA and Taichi's GGUI system at the same time on a machine with multiple GPU cards, ensure that `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` matches `TI_VISIBLE_DEVICE`. In principle, `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` and `TI_VISIBLE_DEVICE` should point to the same GPU device identified with UUID. Use `nvidia-smi -L` to retrieve the details of your GPU devices.

:::

## Compilation

- To disable advanced optimization: `ti.init(advanced_optimization=False)`, which helps save compile time and reduce possible errors.

> - To disable fast math: `ti.init(fast_math=False)`, which helps prevent possible undefined math behavior

Author: ```suggestion
- To disable fast math: `ti.init(fast_math=False)`, which helps prevent possible undefined math behavior.
```

## Logging

- To set the logging level: `ti.init(log_level=ti.TRACE)` or  `ti.set_logging_level(ti.TRACE)` enables the TRACE level. The environment variable `TI_LOG_LEVEL` serves the same purpose.
- To eliminate verbose outputs: `ti.init(verbose=False)`.

## Develop

- To trigger GDB when Taichi crashes: `ti.init(gdb_trigger=True)`.
- To cache compiled runtime bitcode in **dev mode**: `export TI_CACHE_RUNTIME_BITCODE=1`, which saves startup time.
- To allocate four threads to run a test: `export TI_TEST_THREADS=4` or `python tests/run_tests.py -t4`.

:::note

> If `ti.init` is called twice, the configuration in the first call is discarded. for example:

Author: ```suggestion
If `ti.init` is called twice, the configuration in the first call is discarded. For example:
```
